Ren formula abides by Beijing for half a century
Except for Qin Jun himself
Heavy and Beijing Invincible
Yes, Zhenbei Wang has been in Beijing these years
Beat countless foreign affairs
Millions of soldiers worship their father
Like a mage
The comfort of the Qing army
Take control of your own life
Use your own life responsibly
To gain the loyalty of the Qing army
Since the King of Zhenbei is here
The thousand troops should be here soon
Mr. Sun
I dare not create
Your death date
Make it well
I'd like to see how arrogant I can be
I also want to see what you reveal from the cloud in a while
How can I stop you?
You work so hard?
Release me and wait
I'll make your life worse than death, fuck you
The subordinate Night Mud Factory worships the authentic gold
I don't know where the general is
Yancheng Beijing Tianwang canonization ceremony has not yet begun
I wasn't qualified to ask before the scene
make the most of it.
Sorry, the subordinate was abrupt.
But I did it for a reason.
protect
What is the reason?
Let Yan Dashen forget even the dignity and inferiority
Just now
See Lin Qifang
He actually broke into the city banquet without trespassing
He also swore that he was the Qing Monarch